Ye Xian is a villager of Shanshui Village
He is well versed in medicine
It was just ruled by chance not long ago
The Strange Illness of Liang Chunqiu, President of Liang's Group
Got the favor of Liang Chunqiu
In addition, a gold mine was found under his old house
It's now being mined for grain.
This wild wolf on your legs dares to threaten this young master
Okay, send a few people to make a few accidents
I'm going to make his mine fail
Let the Liang Group be plagued by scandal
You are so kind.
This not only preserved the Ye family's old house
And there was a windfall.
Xiaoxian, our days are going to be better in the future
Yes Ye Xian
Dig out the gold and we'll have money
At that time, we will hold a auspicious sum together.
Upa and agritainment
Media's Homestay
Okay, wait for the boss of the year.
After mining the first batch of mines and selling them for money
We'll take this house down
At that time, the management will open a sister-in-law, your wife, eh?
What is the big truth of Yueji?
We were not afraid to sell you just now.
I dug up a lot of your antiques
Congratulations to Ye Xian
Antiques were dug up in this mine
This lottery ticket is endless.
He Xiaoze
What are you doing here?